hello it's drawn and ta D crew from
Russia st. Petersburg we are down here
with other writers near cosmopolitan and
paint some sweet production colorful
pieces special for this cosmic on stage
we have really great time thanks to
organizers and this is passing away a
waste and maybe you can also say
something while I'm rolling stock that
is searching so crew that is that I
orchha clue that he said that everything
is wonderful yeah everything we write
our names and we're trying to connect it
with the super colorful background
special for this stage because they were
asking us about it not a lot about only
pieces but they want us to make some
more details background special for
people so we're trying now we wait for
one guy from Australia to start painting
plus a few guys from England paint paint
there and Russian this is Russian wall
with the Italian guy so we have really
international connections here you know
it's really hard for rushing people to
get visa to somewhere so we paint
graffiti for over 10 years and for me to
go to somewhere in Europe and to paint
with other graffiti writers it's a it's
really important you know I hope
roskilde will invite us the next year
and we will come with our families and
kids and wives and dogs cats like
gypsies